[Music]
Hello.  Today we will do an in-depth analysis of ICICI LBD's Q2 F526
results for the
quarter ended September 30, 2025.
So what are we going to see today?
First, we will understand the headlines of Q2 and then underwriting and
profitability.  We will
look at the performance of key segments.  We will
look at the company's capital and solvency strengths
and finally conclude with an executive summary
and outlook.  Let's get started.
First, let us look at the
key performance indicators for this quarter.
So the first number is Gross
Return Premium i.e. GWP.  This is
₹55.88
lakh.  This shows that top line activity
remains consistent.  And now let's talk about
profits.  Profit after tax i.e.
PAT was around ₹82,000 lakh.  This is
a very strong indication of Istemahi's bottom line health.
But there is a twist in the story.   The
combined ratio
stood at 105.1% and this figure indicates that the company has
actually incurred underwriting losses from its core insurance operations.
Now look at this table.
It brings the whole story together.
GWP
is declining quarter on quarter and the combined ratio has also deteriorated.
But despite this, there is
tremendous growth of more than 18% in PAT year on year.
So the question is, how did this happen?  We will
understand this further.  So like I said, it's a
tale of two engines.  On one side
is underwriting performance and on the other side is
profitability.  Let us understand how
profits increased while core business
performance declined.  If we look more closely at the combined ratio, the
real reason becomes clear.   The
incurred claims ratio is almost stable
but look at the expenses of management
ratio, it has increased directly from 27.8% in the previous quarter
to 31.9%.  This
put pressure on the entire ratio.  This trend becomes
even clearer from this chart.  Looking at the last three quarters, the
challenge of underwriting profitability has persisted.  And this
latest quarter is the high point of this period.
So where did that profit come from?  This
slide tells the whole story.  On one hand,
underwriting incurred a loss of around ₹1,000 lakh.
But on the other hand, look at net
investment income.  This was approximately ₹900 lakh.
So, in reality, investment income
remains the main engine of profitability, which is
fully compensating for the losses of the core business.
Ok?  So now let's take a look
inside the company's portfolio.  Let's see
what's going on in different segments.
This chart
shows the business mix by net premium.  And there are two
clear players here.  Motor and health
insurance.  Both account for over 84% of Mila.
This simply means that the
performance of these two decides the fate of the company
and in this too, the motor segment
is the biggest.  Obviously, due to its large size, the
performance of the motor segment has a
huge impact on the company's overall results.
Look at this table.  Net premium has
increased year on year which is a good thing but
underwriting loss still persists.
In this quarter also, the motor segment
recorded a loss of more than Rs 7172 lakh.
Apart from motor, if we look at other segments, the
picture is mixed.  On one hand, there is the fire segment
which is showing consistent strength and has
given an underwriting profit of more than Rs 10,000 lakh.  But on the other hand, group
health remains a big challenge.  Where there
is a loss of about Rs 9700 lakh.  Yes, Retail
Health is slightly profitable but the margins are
very small.  So, we've
talked about profitability.  Now let us
look at the foundation on which this entire
business stands.  That is, the balance sheet
and capital strength of the company.  The most important figure is the
solvency ratio which is 2.73.
This
is a very critical indicator of the financial stability of the company which
shows how capable the company is in
fulfilling its responsibilities towards its policy holders.
And this figure of 2.73
is also important because the regulatory
requirement is only 1.50.  So the company is
carrying a much stronger capital buffer than that.
It acts as a safety net in case of any market
fluctuations or sudden large claims.   The
balance sheet itself has also expanded.  Total
assets have increased from ₹1,98,000 lakh at the end of the last fiscal year to
₹16,600 lakh now.
This growth reflects the company's increasing investments and
assets.  So
let's sum up everything we've seen so far into an executive summary
and see what the
road ahead looks like.  So there
are four main points of the story of Istihmahi.  First, PAT growth
was very strong, thanks entirely to
investment income.  Secondly,
pressure on underwriting continues.  The combined
ratio is above 100% and this is mainly due to the
motor and group health segments.  Third, the
capital position is very solid and fourth, there has been an
impact of a regulatory change.  This
is an important point.  The
reported
profit increased by ₹192 lakh due to a new regulation by IRDA.
And adjusting for this change, the actual
combined ratio would have been 103.9%.
So it's
important to keep this in mind when looking at the results.  And this is where we
leave this analysis with a big question.  Looking ahead,
what will be the biggest challenge for ICICI LD?  That will be
how will it balance growth in its most important segment, motor, and the urgent need to improve underwriting profitability
?  The answer to this will
determine the direction of the company in the coming quarters.
What?